Exp1

foo2 write time in milliseconds : 51126 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 26495 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 51134 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 26347 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 51662 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 26520 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 51772 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 26583 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 51627 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 26503 ms

foo2 write time in milliseconds : 28530 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 14848 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 28498 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 14876 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 28357 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 14912 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 28493 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 14820 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 28391 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 14768 ms

foo2 write time in milliseconds : 13591 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 9748 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 13334 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 9032 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 13907 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 12400 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 13426 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 12380 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 13792 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 12080 ms

foo2 write time in milliseconds : 8649 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 8493 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 8624 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 8369 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 9717 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 12097 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 8816 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 8705 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 8308 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 5889 ms

foo2 write time in milliseconds : 5837 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 6171 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 5751 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 6099 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 8242 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 10367 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 8171 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 10739 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 7034 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 8307 ms

Exp2

foo2 write time in milliseconds : 56139 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 26723 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 56071 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 25984 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 55966 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 25940 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 55950 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 25796 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 56072 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 25924 ms

foo2 write time in milliseconds : 33747 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 14744 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 33838 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 14840 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 33771 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 14828 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 33793 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 14728 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 33882 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 14716 ms

foo2 write time in milliseconds : 20751 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 9992 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 20824 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 9556 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 20800 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 9661 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 20957 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 9316 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 20901 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 9652 ms

foo2 write time in milliseconds : 16968 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 7573 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 17012 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 7621 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 16919 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 7477 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 17047 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 7561 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 17026 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 7897 ms

foo2 write time in milliseconds : 15135 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 6794 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 14790 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 8399 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 14934 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 6731 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 14767 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 7130 ms
foo2 write time in milliseconds : 14905 ms
foo2 read time in milliseconds : 8271 ms

Exp3

foo write time in milliseconds : 52382 ms
foo read time in milliseconds : 25215 ms
foo write time in milliseconds : 52494 ms
foo read time in milliseconds : 25103 ms
foo write time in milliseconds : 52502 ms
foo read time in milliseconds : 25215 ms
foo write time in milliseconds : 52654 ms
foo read time in milliseconds : 25139 ms
foo write time in milliseconds : 52531 ms
foo read time in milliseconds : 25239 ms

foo write time in milliseconds : 26611 ms
foo read time in milliseconds : 15078 ms
foo write time in milliseconds : 26970 ms
foo read time in milliseconds : 14910 ms
foo write time in milliseconds : 26856 ms
foo read time in milliseconds : 14982 ms
foo write time in milliseconds : 26686 ms
foo read time in milliseconds : 14670 ms
foo write time in milliseconds : 26497 ms
foo read time in milliseconds : 14870 ms

foo write time in milliseconds : 13885 ms
foo read time in milliseconds : 10189 ms
foo write time in milliseconds : 13812 ms
foo read time in milliseconds : 9648 ms
foo write time in milliseconds : 13652 ms
foo read time in milliseconds : 10173 ms
foo write time in milliseconds : 13672 ms
foo read time in milliseconds : 10153 ms
foo write time in milliseconds : 13736 ms
foo read time in milliseconds : 9597 ms

foo write time in milliseconds : 9985 ms
foo read time in milliseconds : 7363 ms
foo write time in milliseconds : 10369 ms
foo read time in milliseconds : 8627 ms
foo write time in milliseconds : 10307 ms
foo read time in milliseconds : 8223 ms
foo write time in milliseconds : 10273 ms
foo read time in milliseconds : 8400 ms
foo write time in milliseconds : 10298 ms
foo read time in milliseconds : 7583 ms

foo write time in milliseconds : 8202 ms
foo read time in milliseconds : 5604 ms
foo write time in milliseconds : 8438 ms
foo read time in milliseconds : 6500 ms
foo write time in milliseconds : 8489 ms
foo read time in milliseconds : 6415 ms
foo write time in milliseconds : 8600 ms
foo read time in milliseconds : 6743 ms
foo write time in milliseconds : 8559 ms
foo read time in milliseconds : 6027 ms
